#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   keras-nightly
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
aiohappyeyeballs==2.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiostream==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
astroid==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   service-identity
    #   sigtools
    #   twisted
audioread==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
automat==22.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
autopep8==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
black==24.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blis==0.7.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   thinc
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   modal
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   soundfile
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   modal
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpathlib==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasel
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
    #   wasabi
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
constantly==23.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
    #   scrapy
    #   service-identity
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
cymem==2.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
fastapi==0.112.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-poe
    #   modal
fastapi-poe==0.0.47
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tldextract
    #   virtualenv
flake8==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gast==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.65.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
grpclib==0.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grpclib
h5py==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   keras-nightly
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
hpack==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-poe
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-poe
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
identify==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
incremental==24.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
itemadapter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   scrapy
itemloaders==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
jiter==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   parsel
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
keras==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
keras-nightly==3.5.0.dev2024081803
    # via tf-nightly-intel
langcodes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
language-data==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langcodes
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
libclang==18.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
librosa==0.10.2.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
marisa-trie==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   language-data
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   keras-nightly
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
modal==0.64.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
modal-client==0.64.40
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   grpclib
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
namex==0.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   keras-nightly
nltk==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
numba==0.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   keras-nightly
    #   librosa
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soxr
    #   spacy
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
    #   thinc
openai==1.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
optree==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   keras-nightly
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   keras
    #   keras-nightly
    #   lazy-loader
    #   parsel
    #   pooch
    #   pytest
    #   scrapy
    #   spacy
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
parsel==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   scrapy
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   pooch
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pooch==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
pre-commit==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
protego==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   service-identity
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   confection
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-poe
    #   openai
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydispatcher==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pylint==3.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
pytest==8.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
queuelib==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
regex==2024.7.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pooch
    #   requests-file
    #   spacy
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
    #   tldextract
    #   weasel
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tldextract
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   keras-nightly
    #   modal
    #   typer
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
scipy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
scrapy==2.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
sigtools==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   synchronicity
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astunparse
    #   automat
    #   google-pasta
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
smart-open==7.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soundfile==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
soxr==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
spacy==3.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via -r requirements.in
srsly==2.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
sse-starlette==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-poe
starlette==0.38.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   sse-starlette
synchronicity==0.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
tb-nightly==2.18.0a20240817
    # via tf-nightly-intel
tensorboard==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
tensorflow==2.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-intel==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
tf-keras-nightly==2.18.0.dev2024081709
    # via tensorboard
tf-nightly==2.18.0.dev20240815
    # via tf-keras-nightly
tf-nightly-intel==2.18.0.dev20240815
    # via tf-nightly
thinc==8.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tldextract==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   spacy
twisted==24.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
typer==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
types-certifi==2021.10.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
types-toml==0.10.8.20240310
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiostream
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-poe
    #   librosa
    #   modal
    #   openai
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   synchronicity
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
    #   twisted
    #   typer
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.30.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-poe
    #   sse-starlette
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
w3lib==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
watchfiles==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal
weasel==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astunparse
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   smart-open
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tf-nightly-intel
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-interface==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
